I'm tell you there's an enemy that would like to attack America, Americans, again. There just is. That's the reality of the world. And I wish him all the very best.
I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office
So I analyzed that and decided I didn't want to be the president during a depression greater than the Great Depression, or the beginning of a depression greater than the Great Depression
People say, well, do you ever hear any other voices other than, like, a few people? Of course I do.
Removing Saddam Hussein was the right decision early in my presidency, it is the right decision now, and it will be the right decision ever.
I didn't grow up in the ocean -- as a matter of fact -- near the ocean -- I grew up in the desert. Therefore, it was a pleasant contrast to see the ocean. And I particularly like it when I'm fishing
I can press when there needs to be pressed; I can hold hands when there needs to be -- hold hands.
In terms of the economy, look, I inherited a recession, I am ending on a recession.
Your eminence, you're looking good.
We've got a lot of relations with countries in our neighborhood.
The German asparagus are fabulous.
I want to share with you an interesting program -- for two reasons, one, it's interesting, and two, my wife thought of it -- or has actually been involved with it; she didn't think of it. But she thought of it for this speech.
You know, I'm the President during this period of time, but I think when the history of this period is written, people will realize a lot of the decisions that were made on Wall Street took place over a decade or so, before I arrived in President, during I arrived in President.
There is some who say that perhaps freedom is not universal. Maybe it's only Western people that can self-govern. Maybe it's only, you know, white-guy Methodists who are capable of self-government. I reject that notion.
There is no doubt in my mind when history was written, the final page will say: Victory was achieved by the United States of America for the good of the world.
Should the Iranian regime-do they have the sovereign right to have civilian nuclear power? So, like, if I were you, that's what I'd ask me. And the answer is, yes, they do.
I'm oftentimes asked, What difference does it make to America if people are dying of malaria in a place like Ghana? It means a lot. It means a lot morally, it means a lot from a -- it's in our national interest.
I want everybody to hear loud and clear that I'm going to be the president of everybody
I'm honored to shake the hand of a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures.
Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and don't do it, that's trustworthiness.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family
Too many good docs are getting out of the business. Too many OB/GYNs aren't able to practice their love with women all across the country.
You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
I'm the decider, and I decide what is best. And what's best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the secretary of defense
It's important for us to explain to our nation that life is important. It's not only life of babies, but it's life of children living in, you know, the dark dungeons of the Internet
I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep on the soil of a friend.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream
They misunderestimated me
One of the very difficult parts of the decision I made on the financial crisis was to use hardworking people's money to help prevent there to be a crisis.
I miss being pampered The people in Louisiana must know that all across our country there's a lot of prayer -- prayer for those whose lives have been turned upside down. And I'm one of them
There's no question about it. Wall Street got drunk -- that's one of the reasons I asked you to turn off the TV cameras -- it got drunk and now it's got a hangover. The question is how long will it sober up and not try to do all these fancy financial instruments. Amigo! Amigo!"Goodbye from the world's biggest polluter I want to tell you how proud I am to be the President of a nation that -- in which there's a lot of Philippine-Americans. They love America and they love their heritage. And I reminded the President that I am reminded of the great talent of the -- of our Philippine-Americans when I eat dinner at the White House Your eminence, you're looking good.I remember meeting a mother of a child who was abducted by the North Koreans right here in the Oval Office
Soldiers, sailors, Marines, airmen, and Coastmen -- Coast Guardmen, thanks for coming, thanks for wearing the uniform. Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and don't do it, that's trustworthiness